>> Brian Holt: We are going
to hop into Claude code now.
So if you haven't already,
just Google install Claude code.
It's an NPM call.
It's this NPM install G
anthropic AI Claude code and
that should leave you with the Claude
command, which is all of this.
We are gonna do Claude MCP and
there's a bunch of stuff on here for
adding removing all those kinda
things from an individual
project because this all
involves a bunch of API keys.
I've done this because I don't want anyone
to steal all of my stuff, which has
definitely happened to me before, and
I'm not, fool me four times, shame on you.
Fool me five times.
Still shame on you.
Why are you doing that?
MCP list so you can see here I
have installed already Neon,
Playwright, Context7, and GitHub.
So if you pop over to our docs here,
I left you links to all of these.
So if you go to the GitHub one you're
going to go and Claude applications,
you're gonna run something
that looks like this claude
mcp--- transport http,
which is the streamable one.
GitHub.
GitHub is just whatever
you're going to call it.
This is the MCP server link.
And then you're gonna have
to get a GitHub PAT personal
access token GitHub.com,
that's gonna be under settings.
Developer settings I think
personal access tokens.
I am trying to remember
exactly which one it is.
>> Speaker 2: I think the regular
tokens are being deprecated so
it's all moving towards
fine grained tokens.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I remember I spent some time on it.
So generate new token and
you need all repositories.
This is where I got tripped up.
You need all repositories and then you
need to add permissions for content.
You might need more.
But I remember this one is essential
because I spent like an hour trying to
find this out and hopefully I save you.
But all repositories essential and
then contents essential.
And if you don't trust me,
I don't blame you [LAUGH] but
you might need more than that.
But I'm trying to get it so
that I can do issues pull requests.
Was that on here as well?
You need content if you can do actions and
stuff like that.
Code spaces,
those are all available secrets.
Maybe web hooks, I don't know.
But certainly issues pull requests and
contents.
Make sure those ones are all on there.
I already have one and it all works.
So I'm not going to question Anything.
Can I see what I've actually put on that?
Cuz that actually might be helpful.
I might have just done everything
because I was panicking and
wanted to finish my course.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, it's down there
.dependabot alerts actions, yeah.
>> Brian Holt: There you go, so I did.
I just did everything because that
is wise when it comes to security.
Okay, but I did do a fine grain tokens and
the classic one is going away.
Okay, so that's number one.
Yeah, so sorry, it's gonna give you
some token and you're gonna run this
command here, authorization bearer
with your GitHub PAT right there.
That's how you add the GitHub one linear.
I asked about the docs there,
link to the linear or the NEON ones.
This one's not terribly hard.
You do have to get a API token as well.
I think it's relatively similar
where it's Claude MCP add and
then it's like MCP.neon.tex MCP
is the actual endpoint.
I remember.
Yeah.
It's going to say unauthorized and
then you just do the same thing here
where it's just like Claude MCP add.
Let's just see what it
actually says there.
Option, yeah, they say the name and
then you have to add the header for
authorization bearer and
then your NEON API token,
which you can just get out of
your neon.Tech.login GitHub.
That's fine.
So you can see when I have here
from a previous iteration, but
there should be a account settings and
you should be able to grab
a personal API token here,
which you can see I have as well.
Create new API token.
Grab that.
That should be good enough for
the NEON one.
Okay, then playwright,
this one's extremely easy.
It's just like Claude Mcp cuz this
has no authentication to it, so
it's literally just this.
That one's going to run locally.
It wouldn't make sense to run that as a
HTTP cuz it's actually gonna spin up your
browser to do things.
Easy peasy, and then context seven.
We were just discussing this
one install in Claude code and
it's this one right there.
Okay, that'll install context seven for
you, Figma and Vercel.
Those ones Venture Drone.
Vercel one doesn't work for cloud code and
Figma, you have to pay for it.
So we're not going to use it today.
All right, so
that is the ones I have open here.
So if I say MCP or Claude McPlist,
it's going to go out and
make sure everything works.
Everything works.